Q1 Implement an express application for the following 
a) Accept a number from the input text field of a user web and perform the basic airthmetic operations, increment (++), decrement (-), and square, on the number inside a middleware funtion of server node.js application.
b)Display the output values in the user web page as a response to the click event from the button.

Q2 Create an express application for the following scenario
a) Create a text file and add student information(Reg. No., Name, Grade) in the server system.
b) Accept a file name from the input text field of a user web page and transfer the requested file using sendFile() function from the server as a response to the button click event from the user web page.

Q3 Create an express application with the following requirements
a)Set and clear the cookies for a client using the cookie-parser module in the server application.
b) Display the cookie information on the client web page with a click on the show button and clear the cookie information from the system with a click on the reset button on the user web page.


Q4 Create an express application with the following requirements
a) Accept Student Name, Reg. no., Roll. No., Mobile No. and Mail Id from the input text fields of a client page and perform a chain of validations on the data using the express-validator module in the server
b) Check all the fields are not empty, minimum and maximum lengths of data.
c) Add a submit button on the client web page to submit the data and display the warning messages if required.

Q5 Create a web server application with the http module for the following scenario
 a) Create a server node.js application using http module to verify whether a number is prime or not. 
b) Accept a number from the input text field of the client page and provide the output values as a response with the click event on a button.

Q6 Create a web server application with http module for the following scenario
 a) Create a server node.js application using http module to find the nth Fibonacci number
b) Accept a number from the input text field of the client page and provide the output values as a response with the click event on a button.


7: Implement a client-server application with the express, http, and socket.io modules for the following scenario
a) display the student details in the server console after getting a request conncetion from a client
b) broadcast the only odd visitor count from the server to all clients with new client connections

8: Implement TCP Socket client and server application with the following criteria.
a) conncet and send your details to the server from the client application
b) Display the student details in the server terminal after getting a request conncetion from a client terminal 
c) send a tahnkyou message to the client terminal.

9: Implement a node.js application to connect with the mongodb for performing the below operations
a) create a database  and add student collection with the fields sid name,subject,branch, and mark
b) add multiple document with student data 
c) sort in ascending order the student details with marks and display them in the console window.

10: Implement a node js application to create a writable stream with a new sample.txt file and perform the following task
a) find the prime number up to 100 and write the values to sample.txt file with the writable stream
b) Display the message "task Completed at the end in the console window."

